Windows/Deployment: add Peer Cache Enterprise note (#5120)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/update/feature-update-maintenance-window.md

### Step 1: Configure maintenance windows

1. In the Configuration Manager console, choose **Assets and Compliance> Device Collections**.
2. In the **Device Collections** list, select the collection for which you intended to deploy the feature update(s).
3. On the **Home** tab, in the **Properties** group, choose **Properties**.
4. In the **Maintenance Windows** tab of the `<collection name>` Properties dialog box, choose the New icon.
5. Complete the `<new>` Schedule dialog.

> 6. Select from the Apply this schedule to drop-down list.

Reviewer: Surely this should be "Select **Apply this schedule** from the drop-down list." Sorry @illfated  for coming in so late in the day - and its probably not your intention to fix all problems but  I found a few problems in this section. There is different formatting on <collection name> (step 4 and 7) and New (4 and 5) AND formatting is out in step 1 --  should be "choose  **Assets and Compliance** > **Device Collections**.

Author: 😃 Not a problem, I am just happy to see that you are still alive and posting. I am also happy to make the suggested changes. 👍

> [!NOTE]
> The following settings must be shorter in duration than the shortest maintenance window applied to the computer.
> - **Display a temporary notification to the user that indicates the interval before the user is logged off or the computer restarts (minutes).**
> - **Display a dialog box that the user cannot close, which displays the countdown interval before the user is logged off or the computer restarts (minutes).**

### Step 3: Enable Peer Cache

Use **Peer Cache** to help manage deployment of content to clients in remote locations. Peer Cache is a built-in Configuration Manager solution that enables clients to share content with other clients directly from their local cache.

[Enable Configuration Manager client in full OS to share content](https://docs.microsoft.com/sccm/core/clients/deploy/about-client-settings#enable-configuration-manager-client-in-full-os-to-share-content) if you have clients in remote locations that would benefit from downloading feature update content from a peer instead of downloading it from a distribution point (or Microsoft Update).

> [!NOTE]

> > In any enterprise, content delivery optimization via caching and peering solutions is imperative to mitigate the risk of interrupting business operations. It is important when downloading large payloads from the cloud (feature updates, quality updates, and so on). Most smaller organizations may have this enabled by default, but larger enterprises may need to plan an implementation to logically group different sites via AD Site or SCCM boundary group, as the egress/ingress point may be a data center in another location, rather than an Internet connection local to them. Otherwise they will peer with clients potentially not in the same physical location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Content delivery optimization via caching and peering solutions can avoid interruptions to business operations, especially when you download large payloads from the cloud (such as feature or quality updates). To avoid peering with clients that are not in the same physical location, you can logically group different sites via AD Site or SCCM boundary group, as the egress/ingress point may be a data center in another location, rather than a local internet connection. 
```

Author: Thank you, that looks quite good.

> [!NOTE]
> The following settings must be shorter in duration than the shortest maintenance window applied to the computer. 
> - **Display a temporary notification to the user that indicates the interval before the user is logged off or the computer restarts (minutes).**
> - **Display a dialog box that the user cannot close, which displays the countdown interval before the user is logged off or the computer restarts (minutes).**

### Step 3: Enable Peer Cache

Use **Peer Cache** to help manage deployment of content to clients in remote locations. Peer Cache is a built-in Configuration Manager solution that enables clients to share content with other clients directly from their local cache.

[Enable Configuration Manager client in full OS to share content](https://docs.microsoft.com/sccm/core/clients/deploy/about-client-settings#enable-configuration-manager-client-in-full-os-to-share-content) if you have clients in remote locations that would benefit from downloading feature update content from a peer instead of downloading it from a distribution point (or Microsoft Update). 

> [!NOTE]

> > In the enterprise, content delivery optimization via caching and peering solutions is imperative to mitigate the risk of interrupting business operations. It is important when downloading large payloads from the cloud (feature updates, quality updates, and so on). Most smaller organizations may have this enabled by default, but larger enterprises may need to plan an implementation to logically group different sites via AD Site or SCCM boundary group, as the egress/ingress point may be a data center in another location, rather than an internet connection local to them. Otherwise they will peer with clients potentially not in the same physical location.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> In any enterprise, content delivery optimization via caching and peering solutions is imperative to mitigate the risk of interrupting business operations. It is important when downloading large payloads from the cloud (feature updates, quality updates, and so on). Most smaller organizations may have this enabled by default, but larger enterprises may need to plan an implementation to logically group different sites via AD Site or SCCM boundary group, as the egress/ingress point may be a data center in another location, rather than an internet connection local to them. Otherwise they will peer with clients potentially not in the same physical location.
```

Author: I just noticed that I removed the `> [!NOTE]` part when I merged this suggestion. Correcting this by re-adding it in the next commit.

   - **Type of deployment**: Specify the deployment type for the software update deployment. Select **Required** to create a mandatory software update deployment in which the feature updates are automatically installed on clients before a configured installation deadline. 
   
     > [!IMPORTANT]
     > After you create the software update deployment, you cannot later change the type of deployment. 
   
     > [!NOTE]

>      > A software update group deployed as Required will be downloaded in background and honor BITS settings, if configured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     > A software update group deployed as **Required** will be downloaded in the background and honor BITS settings, if configured.
```

Author: Nicely spotted, thank you. Good call.

     - **As soon as possible**: Select this setting to make the software updates in the deployment available to clients as soon as possible. When the deployment is created, the client policy is updated, the clients are made aware of the deployment at their next client policy polling cycle, and then the software updates are available for installation. 
   - **Installation deadline**: Select **Specific time** to specify the installation deadline for the software updates in the deployment. 
   
     > [!NOTE]
     > You can configure the installation deadline setting only when **Type of deployment** is set to **Required** on the Deployment Settings page. 

   - **Specific time**: Select this setting to automatically install the software updates in the deployment at a specific date and time. Set the date and time value to correspond with your defined maintenance window for the target collection. Allow sufficient time for clients to download the content in advance of the deadline. Adjust accordingly if clients in your environment will need additional download time. E.g., slow or unreliable network links. 

   > [!NOTE]

>    > The actual installation deadline time is the specific time that you configure plus a random amount of time up to 2 hours. This reduces the potential impact of all client computers in the destination collection installing the software updates in the deployment at the same time. Configure the Computer Agent client setting, Disable deadline randomization to disable the installation randomization delay for the required software updates to allow a greater chance for the installation to start and complete within your defined maintenance window. For more information, see [Computer Agent](https://docs.microsoft.com/sccm/core/clients/deploy/about-client-settings#computer-agent). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   > The actual installation deadline time is the specific time that you configure plus a random amount of time up to two hours. This reduces the potential impact of all client computers in the destination collection installing the software updates in the deployment at the same time. Configure the Computer Agent client setting **Disable deadline randomization** to disable the installation randomization delay for the required software updates to allow a greater chance for the installation to start and complete within your defined maintenance window. For more information, see [Computer Agent](https://docs.microsoft.com/sccm/core/clients/deploy/about-client-settings#computer-agent). 
```

Author: Thank you, that is a very useful correction.

Author: By the way, wouldn't it be more proper to link the Github page instead?

Author: ```suggestion
   > The actual installation deadline time is the specific time that you configure plus a random amount of time up to two hours. This reduces the potential impact of all client computers in the destination collection installing the software updates in the deployment at the same time. Configure the Computer Agent client setting **Disable deadline randomization** to disable the installation randomization delay for the required software updates to allow a greater chance for the installation to start and complete within your defined maintenance window. For more information, see [Computer Agent](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/SCCMdocs/blob/master/sccm/core/clients/deploy/about-client-settings.md#computer-agent).
```

Reviewer 2: I would certainly agree with you on that.

Author: Very well, thank you for your reply & confirmation.
